# CS-330
Comp Graphic and Visualization

1)   Through this course I approached building this program in a modular design that would make it easier to make changes in the scene using only required primitives. These tools were named after the object they would be built for, in this case dice in most cases, for my convenience. Naming them after their primitive would make more sense for wider use by others, however that was not the scope of the project. In projects which require team efforts or code that is meant to be understood by others, naming functions should be more in line with their qualitative contents. Modularity is common and best practice for most situations so I will continue using this principle regardless of who the project is for.

2)   For this project, I implemented a great deal of external libraries to communicate with my graphics hardware using the OpenGL API as well as some libraries that assisted with buffer management and primitive generation. I found great use in an external library that allowed me to create cylinders, which I needed to generate the canister included within my scene. I have not been as exposed to external libraries as I have been with this class and will continue to look for more situations where open source libraries can aid my work.

3)   Computational graphics are used in anything and everything that has to do with communicating to graphics hardware to simulate environments that are two or three dimensional. Videogame production is one of the most commonly known industries that make use of major graphics APIs, such as DirectX, OpenGL, and Vulcan. Many other industries use these APIs to create simulations for 3D animation and simulations, such as seen with animation and modeling software like Maya and Blender. There can also be cases for the use of computational graphics in science fields to simulate physics or represent scientific models in was that can be better represented in a visual form.
